---
title: "Week 3 email"
date: 2022-01-30T00:00:00:00
related: false
categories:
    - emails
excerpt: "Comment on Pi Ball ticket reselling; Game Theory Study Group; SUMS Hoodies; SUMO registration upcoming; Possible lunchtime lecture"
---

Hey everyone!

Tl;dr:
- Comment on Pi Ball ticket reselling
- Game Theory Study Group - Session 0
- SUMS Hoodies - Now accepting orders!
- SUMO registration upcoming
- Possible lunchtime lecture
- Weekly problem

Pi Ball tickets sold out very quickly, though I gather some people are looking to resell Ceilidh-only tickets (if folk are interested). By current plans, we won't oversee or regulate ticket reselling. Though if folks are looking to resell/buy them then I'll suggest our discord server as a communal place to find each other https://discord.gg/MaUFgv9ZGq.

Without further ado, here's our normal list.

----------------

## Game Theory Study Group - Session 0

Our study group continues, this semester looking at Game Theory. Each week we will do a set amount of reading and meet to discuss the previous week's content. Most sessions will begin with a short presentation from a member of the study group on the reading (we volunteer to present).


Session 0 will be more of an introductory/planning meeting. Our Problem Curator, Rhys, will give an introduction to the textbook (Game Theory: A Playful Introduction by Deborah A. Kent and Matthew Jared DeVos). We will discuss how much to cover for the next time and decide who will lead that session.


**Where**: Tutorial room 1B

**When**: Monday, 16:00-17:00

**Facebook link**: https://fb.me/e/2fNUwkQsV


## SUMS Hoodies

We are pleased to announce that we have launched our very own merch! You can find four possible designs to choose from in the attachments. Those are pre-made variants but you can still ask to add your name. The price might vary between approximately £25 and £35 - it depends on the quantity of the pieces ordered (as bulk orders get discounts) and delivery fees. As soon as we collect all the orders, we will let you know the exact price that you can accept or decline. Please fill out the attached google form by the end of this we so we can start placing the order! 

**Link to the form**: https://forms.gle/Nhuzyj7MGVDdpBgZ7


## SUMO Registration Upcoming

The Scottish Universities Mathematics Olympiad is an annual team-based mathematics competition for undergraduates at Scottish Universities. In previous years it has been held and run by SUMS. This year we will be organising and running the event in collaboration with maths societies from other Universities.

We will open registration for St Andrews students on Friday this week and will provide more details regarding the event then.


## Possible lunchtime lecture

We may have a lunchtime lecture on Thursday this week, but details are still being confirmed. We will send out an email if/when things are finalised.

------------

That's it for this week.

Sincerely,<br>
Dan Roebuck<br>
President of SUMS


This week's problem was one I proposed for SUMO last year, it ended up being Q2 in the paper. The problem came initially from my playing around with a 2x2x2 Rubik's cube. I wanted to make a simpler Rubik's cube esk thing that would be suitable as a SUMO question. After a bit of playing around, we ended up with a sort of 2x2 Rubik's cube as seen in the question (attached to the email).

