---
title: "Week 6 email"
date: 2023-02-20T00:00:00:00
related: false
categories:
    - emails
excerpt: "Game Theory Study Group - Session3; Pub social; Maths Jam, Weekly Problem"
---
Hey everyone!

Tl;dr:

- Game Theory Study Group - Session 3
- Pub social
- Maths Jam
- Weekly problem

Without further ado, here's our normal list.

----------------

## Game Theory Study Group - Session 3

Our Game Theory study group continues. Each week we will do a set amount of reading and meet to discuss the previous week's content. Most sessions will begin with a short presentation from a member of the study group on the reading (we volunteer to present).

The book is 'Game Theory: A Playful Introduction' by Deborah A. Kent and Matthew Jared DeVos.

In this session, we will hope to review chapter 3 of the book, covering Impartial games. I will present a brief overview of the content, and then we will engage in some discussion and get to play some games. If you didn't manage to attend last week's session, you should still be able to follow along and join in the fun!

**Where**: Tutorial Room 1B

**When**: Monday 16:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/562scN5n9>

## Week 6 Pub Social

We'll meet in the Whey Pat to socialise and play games (exploding kittens was popular at the end of last semester). Drinking and games are optional.

**Where**: The Whey Pat

**When**: Monday from 20:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/2hkFXzuCY>

## Week 6 Maths Jam

We'll meet at the Union to play board/card games and socialise. It's usually very chill and a lot of fun.

**Where**: Student Union: Small Rehersal Room

**When**: Saturday, 12:00-14:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/2l4P3A8B0>

## Pi Day History of Maths Quiz

For any quizzers out there, the British Society of the History of Mathematics is hosting a quiz on Pi Day, which should be a fantastic opportunity to show off your general, and mathematical, knowledge. See the signup link below:

 
Booking on Eventbrite ([BSHM PI Day Online Quiz Tickets, Tue 14 Mar 2023 at 19:30 | Eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/bshm-pi-day-online-quiz-tickets-537570797727)) is now open for the Pi Day online quiz - please do advertise this at your universities / to your mathematically inclined friends.

------------

That's it for this week.

Sincerely, <br>
Dan Roebuck <br>
President of SUMS

It's a bit past Christmas, but I thought it worth mentioning Advent of Code for any programming enthusiasts out there. On every day between the 1st and 25th of December each year, Eric Wastl publishes a problem (often in two parts) for everyone to solve (it's a sort of Advent calendar of programming problems). In my relatively limited experience (sadly limited) they are great fun and can teach a lot of valuable ideas. Here's a link to the most recent set https://adventofcode.com.