---
title: "Week 4 email"
date: 2023-02-06T00:00:00:00
related: false
categories:
    - emails
excerpt: "Game Theory Study Group - Session 1; Pub Social; Rewriting Session; Maths Jam; SUMO Registration (in another email)"
---

Hey everyone!

Tl;dr:

- Game Theory Study Group - Session 1
- Pub Social
- Rewiring session
- Maths Jam
- SUMO Registration (in another email)


Without further ado, here's our normal list.

----------------

## Game Theory Study Group - Session 1

Our study group continues, this semester we're studying Game Theory from the book 'Game Theory: A Playful Introduction' by Deborah A. Kent and Matthew Jared DeVos.

In session 1 we will hope to review sections 1.1 and 1.2 of the book. I will present a brief overview of the content, and then we will engage in some discussion and (hopefully) get to play some games.

If you didn't manage to attend last week's session, you should still be able to attend this one.

**Where**: Tutorial Room 1B

**When**: Monday, 16:00-17:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/2mceTH1p0>

## Week 4 Pub Social

We'll meet in the Whey Pat to socialise and play games (exploding kittens was popular at the end of last semester). Drinking and games are optional.

**Where**: The Whey Pat

**When**: Monday from 19:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/3gDhif8Rm>

## Week 4 Rewiring session

Rewiring sessions are designed to encourage and promote the spirit of mathematical playfulness and curiosity. We meet and attendees suggest questions or ideas to play around with. These can be anything and often take the form of investigating some previously studied area without looking at preexisting literature.

**Where**: Tutorial Room 1D

**When**: Friday from 16:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/46ZTMtitm>

## Week 4 Maths Jam

We'll meet at the Union to play board/card games and socialise. It's usually very chill and a lot of fun.

**Where**: Union Committee Room (middle floor to the left)

**When**: Sunday, 12:00-14:00

**Facebook link**: <https://fb.me/e/39SX4wbHz>

## SUMO Registration Release

We'll release registration for SUMO (the Scottish Universities Mathematics Olympiad) in a follow-up email within the next day or two. Please see the details in a follow-up email.

------------

That's it for this week.

Sincerely,<br>
Dan Roebuck<br>
President of SUMS

This week's problem is another from SUMO last year.

'Show that there exists a set of 100 consecutive natural numbers that
contains exactly 10 primes.'
